we have a great Trevor you know Billy
Eilish is here with us
[Applause]
her album which was nominated for a
bunch of Grammys in American Music
Awards is called when we all fall asleep
where we go which is an interesting
question
Guillermo when you fall asleep where do
you go to to Beyonce's house are you
gonna be on sir oh I hope jay-z isn't
home well and it's a good question and I
for one would love to hear an answer for
it so Billy took some time today they
asked the only group of people who might
have the imagination to answer that
question
[Music]
all right Atticus you're gonna answer a
question you ready when we fall asleep
where do you think we go well you could
pretty much go anywhere like we're like
the desert like like India
you could go to India like the West
times all the mummy times good times
Oh piss talk times where do you think
your parents go when they fall asleep I
just stay in their bed and sometimes one
they just want to take off their pajama
shirt okay it's okay so when your
parents get in their bed they took they
take off their pajama shirts
sometimes what's the weirdest thing
that's ever happened to you in a dream
zombies attack me zombies yes did they
get to you now so you fought them off
yes
damn how'd you fight them I kicked their
butts
you kicked their butts literally their
butts you went boom into their bodies
did you knock him over
yes dang what do you do at night right
before a bedtime I
pray you pray what's the prayer I
practice auntie Medusa company animator
Sebastian Orton idea I mean no my bad
lately horse Peter salgo
I mean yes oh my god I loved that so
right after that then you go and fight
zombies after your Spanish prayer well
you gonna fight zombies do you ever eat
food in your sleep No
most times I only can me and my dreams
do you eat candy in real life only in my
dreams I eat candy it's my chocolate
candy sweet chocolate candy it tastes
really good
what's the best way to fall asleep do
you think read a bedtime story what kind
of story
ah it's gary Stein scary story what's
your favorite scary story I'm patio
either by dancing Wow
do you have dreams about Pennywise hey
say mk4 and your dreams now for real
life and I brought up here did you did
yeah
he's on top of your head right now he's
sitting on her head
and eating candy and he's 80 the cat
he's eating a dog and a dead duck had a
fox and a percent okay
and his drinky a grandmother
he's a gonna pull up there that
scratches Pennywise was eating so many
things and he was easy meals you're a
weird little dude Michael
if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment